ANDY AND BULB
MARCH 31, 2019
--------------------------

A: oh jesus fuck where am i
(takes in surroundings of basic bedroom)

(walks outside of room)
(strolls down carpeted hallway)

(cuts to him waddling outside of hotel with other figure)
B: pretty sad isnt it
A: sorry who are you
B: you're looking at a real desolate landscape right now
(nothingness of broken TVs and a mountain in the distance or something)
A: could you tell me where i am
B: oh yeah sorry, you're not gonna really know a whole lot since you just started existing
A: I-
B: long story short, people around here just kind of spawn out of nowhere. No one knows why. 
B: I don't really like talking about this because it's scary to think I'm objectively meaningless.
A: But-
B: anyways, this place used to be something, and now it's just an empty shell of abandoned dreams
A: ...so if all this, is a product of some catastrophic failure
A: was I part of something that was here before then?
A: why are there still things here now?
B: idk but we should totally grab some fuckin donnys(TM)
A: wait what

(donnys)
A: i hate this
B: you should pick the restaurant next time then
A: no i mean existing
B: well arent you an angsty little shit?
A: why am i given thoughts and a consciousness only to be put into this mess of a world made of just fragments of people long gone
B: well im sure glad that whoever left donnys behind also left behind ketchup because it makes this food go way down easier
(B attempts to shake bottle)
B: oh
(B looks inside bottle)
B: ah well, im still a sucker for some eggs and bacon
(A looks visibly annoyed)

(outside donnys, A angrily shuffles outside with B tailing behind with a takeout bag)
B: dude wait!
B: you forgot your all-day breakfast belgian waffles
A: do you have any idea how frustrated i am at how i have no clue what's happening?
B: you just need to relax, ok?
A: why do these THINGS still exist? why do WE still exist? none of this makes fucking sense
B: you need to chill out, just take the food
(A knocks the takeout bag to the ground)
B: hey calm the fuck down!
A: ...there has to be a reason why this is all here, there was SOMETHING here
B: yeah, and now it's gone
B: can you please drop the existential bullshit, it's not something anyone wants to dwell on
B: you know, not even the people that used to be here could agree on what existing in general means
A: wait how do you know anything about the people that were here?
B: ...well, everyone in this new world kind of has a fragment of what the past was like
B: i guess you got unlucky because you dont seem to have that from what i can tell
B: but once again, i dont know why we're all like this and i dont want to dwell on it
A: you know what
A: if others somehow know even an ounce about the people that were here, I bet I can find out everything
A: I want to know what this place was, I want to know what went wrong and why there's anything here left at all
B: Aside from the excessive slow zooms on your face, that's fairly noble of you 
B: but i'd rather just eat the food and play the video games the past people left behind, they left a LOT of stuff here- where'd he go
(B running to catch up with A)
B: god dude you've gone through several years' worth of pondering your existence in under an hour, can you at least slow down your walking
(B catches up)
B: i dont even know your name
A: it's Andy
B: i'm Bulb
A: i can see why that name makes sense
B: why didnt you get called Box
A: why do we barely know anything about the world around us yet we have names?
B: good point
A: it's all part of the mystery im trying to solve here
B: any particular reason why we're walking this way
A: going towards that giant beacon we saw earlier seems like a good place to start
(both walking down the road to mountain while vaporwave music fades in i guess)

-------END-------

The awkward first step in the journey. More on the way.